this is the Richardson flow fly 2009
let's see the action here's this first
one this is really cool
awesome take on this one did a real good
job took all flew around
now this one's pretty hilarious watch
this I don't think the pilot knows which
record the witness beforehand which is
pretty funny but check this out watch
this takeoff
they got a boat ride there's the other
one
somebody's gotta go rescue it there's a
swim jump for you if you ever seen one
there's a old Courtney from way back
now this is an interesting airplane I
hear it takes a bulge pump that's more
expensive than the airplane is maybe the
late draft when is Pepe
taken up again let's see the action
valuation a fine one another one
slam-dunk
let's take off on this one of these
things these ear points take a long
water road before they get off the
ground don't they
there it goes
man this thing looks like a speed demon
that didn't make it
playing out of your on floats
yeah
so we had a really great time so come on
out to the annual folk fly in Dallas
Texas bye-bye